---
tags:
  - Lore-of-Losthaven-Handout
  - Publish
---
## Romilia 
Davos Romilia, a human, was sent to Lasthaven for slandering the crown of Lynweer; claiming that there was something unholy at work in court. With dishonor on his name as a traitor, Davos famously defended the city against an unrecorded threat that saved the settlement in its early years. Davos had five children, all of which tragically met their end. Millicent fell ill as a babe and was never spoken of again; rumors circulated that the infant was brought to the woods and offered to the Cloven Cambium. Horace fell from his horse when he was seven. Marisha drowned in the Victoria Harbor after she rejected a proposal from Valeria’s heir when she was only sixteen (no one knows whether or not it was an accident). Roland died in the duel that followed Marisha’s death, claiming that the Valeria clan had arranged for his sister’s death when Roland was 16. Ilya Romilia died in childbirth. The family strained to retain any blood in its line but was survived by Cadmus. The line continued with inconsequential footnotes in history. The current heir to Romilia, Maximus “Maxi” Drakefell is the sitting member of the council and is considered its youngest member. He has a wife (Helena) and three daughters; Ilyana (10), Mallory (8), and Faedra (5)

## Valeria
An affluent, high elf, merchant family going back as far as the early wars in Lynweer (at least a thousand or so years ago). One of the scions of the Valeria clan was of first to come to Lasthaven from Trin; foreseeing a way to further line their coffers by selling goods to the settlers that were already hard on their luck and used their lack of funds as indentured labor. Farrenan Valeria has spent the last hundred years trying to rehab the family image within the Lasthaven community considering their fraught history of Trickery. Farrenan’s daughter, Carnilla, has assumed control of the family’s wealth and control of a great deal of Lasthaven’s business dealings; acting as landlady to a majority of the housing within the city. She is unmarried, cares very little for the plight of most of the city, and cares even less for potential suitors. The Valeria family that remained in Lynweer stay connected with their Lasthaven cousins, but from a distance. Communicating by mostly letters and with a deep loyalty to one another. They are a ruling family in Trin and have advisor’s in Lynweer’s Royal council. Farrenan holds the seat on Lasthaven’s council.

## Apion
Survived by Hollis Morrigan, the Apion clan has come from a long line of scholars. She is the sole heir to the Apion estate, which she puts a great deal of that wealth into the community and also into Spellbound. She serves as the record keeper of the council. She and her husband, Koth’tol the Torturer, have a tiefling son, Faust Morrigan, who is 18 years old.

## Osma
Historically, Oleanna Osma was exiled to Lasthaven for heracy. Specifically for openly worshiping the Raven Queen. The Osma line is historically populated by druids and grave clerics. Osma is currently survived by Dellbert; the proprietor of the Dank Dandelion that has been in the family for generations. Despite Dellbert’s frequent absences from the council, he technically holds a seat there.

## Iraugui 
A dwarven family that came to Lasthaven as an extension of the Crown’s Law. Originally founded by Carmine Iraugui, he is the founder of the city guard. The family’s bloodlines run deep and are currently survived by Rustatin Ashmantle and Rhoman Ashmantle. Rhoman holds the seat on the council and has so far not married. The Ashmantle twins are modest stock; holding the law and justice above their own ambitions.

## Circassi 
Jonathon Circassi was sent to Lasthaven for the crime of thievery; originally not considered as much to offer the new settlement, it was Jonathon who brokered the deal with the Seelie Court. Old records would also be quick to identify that they were the first to break the pact. However, the family has stayed in Lasthaven all the while; never leaving the city and using their retainers to run messages or act on their own behalf. Estella Circassi sits on Lasthaven’s council on behalf of her ailing husband, Gianni, while Caspian runs Odds and Ends.

## Barca
Original Wellingham Barca came to Lasthaven to serve a prison sentence and was one of the founding members of the territory. After helping to build the Victoria Harbor (named after his wife Victoria). The Barca family split off generations ago into Barca and Barko. The Barko clan left Lasthaven to reclaim their place in Lynweer; establishing a place for themselves in Mistmire. Miles Barko was would be considered the heir of the Barca clan as Loras Barca was murdered five years ago by a “Competing Merchant Family.” The competing family in question, according to rumor, is the Valeria clan. Due to their high influence in Lynweer and Lasthaven along with the lack of evidence, the Prime Swarm was never able to bring them to justice. Loras’ late wife, Desdemona Giorgannis-Barca, has since promised herself to the moonweaver after the loss of her husband, giving the wealth she inherited to the temple. While of modest position within the Temple District, she has assumed her late husband’s seat on the Council.